Link with-polyfills example to updated polyfill docs (#13943)
vercel/next.js: examples/with-polyfills/README.md

# Example app with polyfills

> ❗️ Warning: This example is not the suggested way to add polyfills and is known to cause issues with bundling. See [the browser support docs](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/supported-browsers-features#server-side-polyfills) for the correct way to load polyfills.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ❗️ Warning: This example is not the suggested way to add polyfills and is known to cause issues with bundling. See [the browser support docs](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/supported-browsers-features#custom-polyfills) for the correct way to load polyfills.
```
